##############################################
SCRAM API Structure
##############################################

Structure/Architecture of the Core Code
============================================

- Validator of XML input files using RelaxNG
- Loader of the input files.
- Loader of the configuration files. [not implemented]
- Initializer of the analysis by constructing fault trees, event trees, CCF,
  and other analysis entities.
  This initialization phase should validate the values and logic supplied from
  the input file. The construction and analysis are initialized according to
  the configurations supplied from the configuration file.
- Risk analyzer is the main machine that operates with the initialized fault,
  event trees, and other entities to provide the requested results. It is run
  after the initialization phase. Risk Analyzer keeps track of all the events,
  configurations, entities of analysis by having them in appropriate databases.
- Entity analyzers are analyzers of fault trees, event trees, CCF, MC, and
  other analysis kinds. These analyzers are used by the main Risk Analyzer
  to produce the final results. These analyzers should share functionalities
  and be able to cooperate or be used by other analyzers.

    * Fault Tree Analyzer operates on one fault tree and may provide minimal
      cut sets as output or other information about the tree.
    * Probability calculator may accepts cut sets to generate total probability,
      individual probabilities of cut sets, contributions, importances.

- Supporting classes: Formula, Expressions.
- Reporter outputs the results of the work of Risk Analyzer to specified files
  or streams with a certain formatting.
- Grapher outputs a fault tree graphing instruction file for Graphviz Dot tool.

API Documentation
==================
`API Docs Generated by Doxygen`_

.. _`API Docs Generated by Doxygen`:
    http://rakhimov.github.io/SCRAM/api/index.html
