#############
API Structure
#############

Structure/Architecture of the Core Code
=======================================

- Validator of XML configuration and input files using RelaxNG

- Loader of analysis configuration files.

- Loader of input files.

- Initializer of the analysis that constructs fault trees, event trees, CCF,
  and other analysis entities.
  This initialization phase validates the values and logic supplied from
  the input files. The construction and analysis are initialized according to
  the configurations supplied from the configuration file and command-line.

- Risk analyzer is the main machine that operates with the initialized fault,
  event trees, and other entities to provide the requested results. It runs
  after the initialization phase. Risk Analyzer keeps track of all the events,
  configurations, entities of analysis by having them in appropriate databases.

- Entity analyzers are analyzers of fault trees, event trees, CCF, MC, and
  other analysis kinds. These analyzers are used by the main Risk Analyzer
  to produce final results. These analyzers may share functionalities
  and be able to cooperate or be used by other analyzers.

    * Fault Tree Analyzer operates on one fault tree and may provide minimal
      cut sets as output or other information about the passed fault tree.
      This fault tree analyzer uses many other helper facilities specifically
      designed to make the analysis efficient and fast.

    * Probability calculator may accept cut sets to generate total probability,
      individual probabilities of cut sets, contributions, importances.

    * Uncertainty Analyzer uses probability calculator facilities to sample
      basic event probabilities and calculate the total probability.
      Sampled results are processed to find statistical information, such as
      mean, confidence ranges, standard deviation, and distributions.

- Supporting classes: Formula, Expressions.

- Reporter outputs the results of the work of Risk Analyzer to specified files
  or streams with certain formatting.

- Grapher outputs a fault tree graphing instruction file for Graphviz Dot tool.
  This can be used before any analysis, but a valid fault tree with or without
  basic event probabilities must be provided.

API Documentation
=================
`API Docs Generated by Doxygen`_

.. _`API Docs Generated by Doxygen`:
    http://rakhimov.github.io/scram/api/index.html
