###########
Description
###########

SCRAM is a command-line tool that performs probabilistic risk assessment.
The documentation may be ahead of software development and may describe
features that will be introduced in future versions.


Command-line Call of SCRAM by a User
====================================

The user supplies a configuration file, input files, and analysis
configurations via command-line. Various types of analyses can be performed on
the input files, for example, fault tree, even tree, uncertainty, etc. The user
must specify what kind of analysis with what parameters must be performed.
For example, if FTA is requested by default, the user can choose if probability
calculations should assume the rare event or MCUB approximation.
However, there are default values for these parameters that try to
give the most optimal and accurate results so that only input files should
be enough for initial runs.


Fault Tree Analysis
===================

#. Validate XML input files against RelaxNG.
#. Validate the input analysis specifications and instantiations.
#. Output a graphing dot file. *No probability definition required*
#. Instantiate the analysis. Create the trees for the analysis.
#. Find minimal cut sets. *No probability definition required*

   - May specify maximum order for cut sets for faster calculations.

#. Find the total probability of the top event and importance values for
   basic events.

   - May specify cut-off probability for cut sets.
   - May specify the limit on the number of sums in the probability equation.
   - May specify the rare event approximation or MCUB for faster calculations.
   - May specify mission time that is used to calculate probabilities.

#. Output the analysis results.


Analysis with Common Cause Failure Groups
=========================================

#. Get description of basic events' dependent failures using CCF models.
#. Incorporate CCF information into fault trees by creating new basic events.
#. Perform requested analyses with the new basic events.
#. Report the analysis results indicating the CCF events.


Uncertainty Analysis
====================

#. Get configurations for number of trials and mission time.
#. Accept minimal cut sets generated by fault tree analysis.
#. Generate the probability equation for the top event or gate.
#. Sample basic events and calculate total probability.
#. Perform statistical analysis of the sampled values.
#. Output the statistical results, such as mean, standard deviation, and range.


Event Tree Analysis *Not implemented*
=====================================

#. Read input files. Verification of the input. Optional visual tool.
#. (*Optional*) Upon users' request output instruction file for **graphviz**
   dot to draw the tree. This is for visual verification of the input.
   Stop execution of the program.
#. Create the tree for analysis.
#. Perform calculations.
#. Output the results.


Future Additions
================

#. Event tree analysis.
#. Dynamic fault tree analysis.


General Information for Users
=============================

#. Run 'scram --help' to see all the flags and options for analysis.

#. The minimum cut set generation for a fault tree and probability calculations
   may use a lot of time and computing power depending on the complexity of
   the tree. You can adjust SCRAM flags and parameters to reduce these demands.

#. All analysis can be run with logging of steps. The logging outputs useful
   information for figuring out limiting bottlenecks and the source of errors
   in analysis. This information can be used for debugging and tests.
