##################
Design Description
##################

- XML Parser leverages external libraries to process XML files.

- Validator validates XML configuration and input files against the RelaxNG schema.
  The validation against the schema is an integral part of the initialization.
  Values that pass the validation against the schema are not re-checked by users of those values.

- Settings manages overall analysis settings per run.

- Config manages program configurations and analysis settings from a configuration file.

- Containers: models, fault trees, event trees, components.

- Constructs: anything that is stored in containers and can be an input for analysis.
  Note that some containers are constructs as well.

- Initializer processes input files to construct a model
  with fault trees, event trees, CCF, and other analysis containers and constructs.
  This initialization phase validates the values and logic supplied from the input files.
  The constructs and analyses are initialized according to the configurations
  supplied from the configuration file and command-line.
  After the initialization step,
  it is not expected that constructs of the analysis change.

- Risk Analyzer operates on the valid model
  with the initialized fault, event trees, and other constructs
  to provide the requested results.
  It runs after the initialization phase with the user-specified analysis settings.

- Analyzers of fault trees, event trees, CCF, uncertainty, and other analysis kinds.
  These analyzers are employed by the main Risk Analyzer to produce final results.
  Common utilities and functionalities may be shared among these analyzers.

    * Fault Tree Analyzer operates on one fault tree with a single top event,
      and may provide primary events, intermediate events,
      and  minimal cut sets as output,
      or other information about the passed fault tree.
      This fault tree analyzer uses many other helper facilities
      specifically designed to make the analysis efficient and fast.

    * Probability Calculator accepts cut sets and member basic events
      to calculate the total probability,
      individual probabilities of cut sets,
      importance factors for basic events.

    * Uncertainty Analyzer uses Probability Calculator facilities
      to sample basic event probabilities and calculate the total probability.
      Sampled results are processed to find statistical information,
      such as mean, confidence ranges, standard deviation, and distributions.

- Supporting classes: Formula, Expressions.

- Reporter outputs the results of the work of Risk Analyzer
  to specified files or streams in XML format.

- Grapher outputs a fault tree graphing instruction file for Graphviz Dot tool.
  This can be used before any analysis,
  but a valid fault tree with or without probability information must be provided.


API Documentation
=================

`API Docs Generated by Doxygen`_

.. _API Docs Generated by Doxygen:
    http://rakhimov.github.io/scram/api/index.html
